Born of them, born of them, born of them.
Fly bone and bone, hear the word of God.
Oh, your toe bone connected to you.
Feet bone and your feet bone connected to you.
Anchor bone and your ankle bone connected to you.
Leg bone and your leg bone connected to you.
Be bone and your knee bone connected to you.
Thigh bone and your thigh bone connected to you.
Hip bone and your hip bone connected to you.
Back bone and your hip bone connected to you.
Fly bone on them, bone them, bone them.
Fly bone is what you hear the word of.
Oh, your finger bone connected to you.
Hand bone on your hand bone connected to you.
Rib bone on your wrist bone connected to you.
L bone on your elbow connected to you.
Shoulder bone on your shoulder bone connected to you.
Next bone on you, next bone to next you to you.
12 bone on you, 12 bone to next you to you.
And bone is what you hear the word of God.
Oh, bone, limb, bone, limb.
Dry bone, limb, bone, limb, bone, limb.
Dry bone, limb, bone, limb.
Dry bone is what you hear the word of God.